Data Structures and Algorithms - Arrays
DSA Arrays

This repository contains a collection of Data Structures and Algorithms (DSA) problems focusing on the Arrays topic. The problems are categorized into three levels of difficulty: Easy, Medium, and High. Solving these problems will help you enhance your understanding of array manipulation, searching, sorting, and other fundamental concepts in DSA.

Table of Contents
Introduction
Problem Categories
How to Use This Repository
Contributing
License
Introduction
Arrays are one of the most basic and commonly used data structures in computer science. They are collections of elements stored in contiguous memory locations, allowing for efficient access and manipulation. The goal of this repository is to provide a comprehensive set of array-based DSA problems that span various levels of difficulty.

Problem Categories
The problems are divided into the following categories:

Easy: These problems focus on foundational array operations and concepts, such as traversal, finding maximum/minimum elements, and basic searching.

Medium: Medium-level problems delve deeper into array manipulation, including subarray problems, two-pointer techniques, and basic sorting algorithms.

High: High-level problems challenge your understanding of advanced array algorithms, including more complex sorting, searching, and optimization techniques.

How to Use This Repository
Clone the Repository: Clone this repository to your local machine using the following command:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/Samanvith20/Arrays.git
Navigate to the Arrays Directory: Navigate to the arrays directory within the repository, where you'll find subdirectories for easy, medium, and high problems.

Choose a Problem: Browse through the subdirectories to find problems of your preferred difficulty level.

Solve the Problem: Each problem subdirectory contains a description of the problem and a starter code file. Implement your solution in the provided code file.

Test Your Solution: After implementing the solution, test it thoroughly with various test cases to ensure its correctness.

Submit Your Solution: If you're satisfied with your solution, you can submit a pull request to this repository to share your solution with others.

Contributing
Contributions to this repository are welcome! If you'd like to contribute new problems, improve existing solutions, or enhance the documentation, please follow the standard GitHub workflow:

Fork the repository to your GitHub account.
Create a new branch for your contribution.
Make your changes and commit them with descriptive messages.
Push your changes to your forked repository.
Submit a pull request to the main repository's main branch.
Please ensure your contributions adhere to the repository's coding standards and guidelines.

License
This repository is licensed under the MIT License, which means you're free to use, modify, and distribute the code as long as you include the original license text.

Happy coding
Y .samanvith reddy
9182315791
19-08-2023
